README.md, before:

# Calculator

A small web-based calculator built with plain HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

This repository contains a simple, responsive calculator UI with basic arithmetic operations. It's intended as a lightweight demo or starter project for learning DOM manipulation and event handling.

## Features

- Addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division
- Keyboard and on-screen button input
- Clear and backspace support
- Simple, responsive layout (works on desktop and mobile)

## Files

- `index.html` — Main HTML page
- `styles.css` — Styling for the calculator UI
- `script.js` — Calculator logic and event handlers
- `README.md` — This file

## Usage

Open `index.html` in your browser. For a quick local server (recommended for some browsers), run:

```bash
# from the project root
python3 -m http.server 8000
# then open http://localhost:8000 in your browser
```

Interact with the calculator using your mouse/touch or your keyboard.

## Development

Make changes to `script.js` or `styles.css`, then reload the page to see updates.

If you'd like, add tests or CI, or enhance the UI/UX (keyboard shortcuts, scientific functions, history, etc.).

## License

This project is provided under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file or add one if you want to explicitly include license text.

## Author

Repository owner: `Hermit20`

Commit message:

Update usage instructions in README.md
Removed local server instructions and added live demo link.

README.md, after:

# Calculator

A small web-based calculator built with plain HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

This repository contains a simple, responsive calculator UI with basic arithmetic operations. It's intended as a lightweight demo or starter project for learning DOM manipulation and event handling.

## Features

- Addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division
- Keyboard and on-screen button input
- Clear and backspace support
- Simple, responsive layout (works on desktop and mobile)

## Files

- `index.html` — Main HTML page
- `styles.css` — Styling for the calculator UI
- `script.js` — Calculator logic and event handlers
- `README.md` — This file

## Usage
`Live Demo` - https://hermit20.github.io/calculator/

Interact with the calculator using your mouse.
Keyboard functionality coming soon...

## Development

Make changes to `script.js` or `styles.css`, then reload the page to see updates.

If you'd like, add tests or CI, or enhance the UI/UX (keyboard shortcuts, scientific functions, history, etc.).

## License

This project is provided under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file or add one if you want to explicitly include license text.

## Author

Repository owner: `Hermit20`
